UPDATES.md, before:

# What's New?

All notable updates to this project will be documented in this file.

### 2023-07-07

- [`6313274`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/6313274) — **feat:** add --group flag by **charnould**
- [`cc22936`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/cc22936) — **fix:** get_week wasn't using the right date instance by **charnould**
- [`c498d68`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/c498d68) — **doc:** add @latest to always run the last version by **charnould**
- [`b28f3b1`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/b28f3b1) — **doc:** update UPDATES.md by **charnould**
- [`1eb6f6b`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/1eb6f6b) — **refactor:** do some cleaning by **charnould**
- [`250901c`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/250901c) — **chore:** bump version by **charnould**

### 2023-07-06

- [`3e3ef41`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/3e3ef41) — **news:** Braudel is on NPM by **charnould**
- [`ccd82c3`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/ccd82c3) — **feat:** initial commit by **charnould**
- [`fe5a271`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/fe5a271) — **doc:** update UPDATES.md by **charnould**

―  
Generated by [Braudel](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel)

Commit message:

doc: modify cli command for --news (add @latest)

UPDATES.md, after:


# What's New?

All notable updates to this project will be documented in this file.


### 2023-07-07

- [`6313274`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/6313274) — **feat:** add --group flag by **charnould**
- [`cc22936`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/cc22936) — **fix:** get_week wasn't using the right date instance by **charnould**
- [`05cd6ab`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/05cd6ab) — **doc:** modify cli command for --news (add @lastest) by **charnould**
- [`7386f10`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/7386f10) — **doc:** add homepage/repo to package.json by **charnould**
- [`2f409c7`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/2f409c7) — **doc:** update UPDATES.md by **charnould**
- [`c498d68`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/c498d68) — **doc:** add @latest to always run the last version by **charnould**
- [`b28f3b1`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/b28f3b1) — **doc:** update UPDATES.md by **charnould**
- [`1eb6f6b`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/1eb6f6b) — **refactor:** do some cleaning by **charnould**
- [`250901c`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/250901c) — **chore:** bump version by **charnould**



### 2023-07-06

- [`3e3ef41`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/3e3ef41) — **news:** Braudel is on NPM by **charnould**
- [`ccd82c3`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/ccd82c3) — **feat:** initial commit by **charnould**
- [`fe5a271`](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel/commit/fe5a271) — **doc:** update UPDATES.md by **charnould**




―  
Generated by [Braudel](https://www.github.com/charnould/braudel)
